ref(api-docs): Document full param (#1199)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/api/events/get-group-events.md

      "type": "string"
    }
  ], 
  "query_parameters": [
    {

>       "description": "if this is set to true then the event payload will include the full event body, including the stacktrace. Set to 1 to enable.", 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "description": "if this is set to true, then the event payload will include the full event body, including the stack trace. Set to 1 to enable.", 
```
